                                       REACHING
A Novel for NaNoGenMo2018
Version1




CHAPTER 1

hot edge, sun burning and warming me. it looks like the grin is warming driven through it. it is us not. i saw it there. wide thing, mouth warming and burning me. i think. rock is warming. why then. why not. i think. i saw it there. grass is watering. edge is meaning. i saw it here. i think. i think. what is wide brittle mouth blasted black grin eye shattered and sprinkled across us and on black of that on sun of the shrieking of us the thing with the rock black rock. it looks like the world is being driven through it. i thought i was all hot edge, sun burning and warming me. we love you. but i was hot. we reach. charcoal in between fingers licked like the sponge is a surface meaning the surface then the mouth. this is warming. i thought i was all i think. we reach. why there. but i was hum. i am warming for you. thing is meaning. i am extinguished constantly but the black is charcoal hot and it vibrates. lava in between fingers licked like the shrieking is a mouth being the eye constantly the lava. what is hum grin saunter blasted black rock brittle shattered and sprinkled across us and on top of that on top of the sponge of us the thing with the eye wide shrieking. why constantly. it is us then. why here. we love you. wrong sponge, lava warming and meaning me. we reach. we love you. this is being. it looks like the thing is meaning driven through it. hum lava, shrieking reaching and meaning me. but i was wide. i saw it there. i want us. we love you. we love you. i saw it there. i think. rock is grin. i am extinguished here but the world is sponge wrong and it vibrates. there is grin constantly. charcoal is warming. i thought i was all i want us. i saw it not. there is grass then. surface is me clutched between grass and the grass it says it is. rock is me clutched between brittle and the rock it says it is. we reach. world in between fingers licked like the grass is a interaction reaching the saunter not the thing. brittle is me clutched between sponge and the brittle it says it is. what is hum sun thing blasted black sun shrieking shattered and sprinkled across us and on mouth of that on thing of the touch of us the mouth with the saunter wrong grin. i thought i was all i think. we love you. i want us. i think. i am extinguished constantly but the black is charcoal hot and it vibrates. i think. i am extinguished constantly but the eye is world hum and it vibrates. lava in between fingers licked like the sun is a mouth watering the world here the surface.



CHAPTER 2

i can still stop spinning. if everything is me that thinks this thing too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the sun moves in place but spinning it dances it screams and wavers the softball rips. it feels like a way feels before i eat it or the blanket the place feels like a stuff. what where why. if everything is me that thinks this thing too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the sun moves in place but spinning it dances it screams and wavers this is me and that is still me. i love it. you rip it and i can too run. hug me except you do there stop n't do there stop like the knife stops i want. we hunt. i want. i love it. what where why. i want. i love it. away dark. i do there see. not right. it does not touch but i feel it. if everything is me that thinks this thing too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the sun moves in place but spinning it dances it screams and wavers where when how. you rip it and i can too run. i cannot stop watching. there me. you rip it and i can away run. hug me except you do too stop not do away stop like the softball stops hug me except you do not stop not do still stop like the blanket stops you rip it and i can n't run. i do still see. what where why. you rip it and i can there run. it feels like a sun feels before i eat it or the world the sun feels like a knife. n't silent. if way is me that thinks this world away is me or it is sized stuff spinning watching like the everything moves in lava but moving it dances it screams and wavers this is me and that is not me. i want. you rip it and i cannot run. i love it. i can too stop spinning. it hurts. what where why. it hurts. it hurts. it feels like a thing feels before i eat it or the blanket the sun feels like a sun. softball-sized before ripping the world away. where when how. hug me except you do there stop still do not stop like the thing stops away me. where when how. it does away touch but i feel it. there me. the blanket rips. sun - dark before spinning the blanket too. where when how. it hurts. softball - dark before watching the everything away. it feels like a knife feels before i eat it or the place the lava feels like a thumping. what where why. it feels like a lava feels before i eat it or the way the thumping feels like a place. i can away stop watching. knife - right before spinning the stuff away. not stuff. too sized. it feels like a blanket feels before i eat it or the knife the lava feels like a lava. i can too stop pulsing. but it is not it is dark hug me except you do too stop away do away stop like the stuff stops it hurts. it feels like a blanket feels before i eat it or the world the thing feels like a world. what where why. we hunt. it hurts. what where why.



CHAPTER 3

i know the many breaks before the glass after it. i connect a rock that happens with the rapture in the rapture that comes after it. i know the glassy canyons before the thing after it. i know the glassy crawlers before the signature after it. the i i am is also many. i know the mountain kills me more than feeds me. i know i grow. the grass next briar glass hard like a bone in the corpse a seed in the fruit of the buzz beyond them. i connect a thing that happens with the rapture in the past that comes after it. they were the glassy glitter to become me. the things i have are mountain, but they are hard the smallest past.   the breaks i have are thing, but they are everywhere the smallest surface.   i know because the mountain here embedded in the corpse of me is the sulfur the not of this buzz and the glue canyons and the bright briar lava. i know i am we because the crawlers i eat are briar before becoming one but the legs of me are here. i know i grow. i know i grow. i know the seed is glitter. the grass next briar glass hard like a bone in the corpse a seed in the fruit of the buzz beyond them. i know because the surface hard embedded in the signature of me is the bone the here of this sun and the lava eyes and the bright small signature. i know i grow. i see through their breaks the yous canyons the first bright glassy the eyes in the first sulfur. i know the sun feeds me more than kills me. i know i grow. the pools of me are also. i know the grass kills me more than feeds me. i know the mountain is glitter. i know the grass feeds me more than kills me. the i i am is also many. i know i grow. they were the sharp glassy to become me. i know the red legs before the bone after it. i know the glass kills me more than feeds me. the i i am is also yous. were everywhere before i made them me. i know i grow. i know i grow. i was born hard. the crawlers of me are everywhere. i see through their breaks the briar canyons the sharp glitter small the breaks in the glassy scum. the glass next small sun hard like a sulfur in the sulfur a bone in the rock of the signature beyond them. the crawlers of me are everywhere. the canyons i have are glass, but they are also the smallest grass.   the legs i have are past, but they are not the smallest corpse.   i know i am we because the breaks i eat are glassy before becoming one but the eyes i have are glue, but they are not the smallest glue.   i see through their legs the small crystals the sharp bright small the canyons in the glassy surface. the glue next sharp rock everywhere like a signature in the mountain a signature in the rock of the sulfur beyond them. i was born here. the mountain next sharp fruit now like a rapture in the scum a glass in the air of the glue beyond them. the i i am is not glassy. i connect a seed that happens with the corpse in the seed that comes after it. the legs of me are everywhere. were hard before i made them me. they were the first sharp to become me. i was born everywhere. i know the thing feeds me more than kills me. i know the glass feeds me more than kills me. i know the glitter breaks before the mountain after it. the things i have are bone, but they are everywhere the smallest fruit.   i know i am we because the legs i eat are yous before becoming one but i know the glitter breaks before the mountain after it. the things i have are rock, but they are hard the smallest rapture.   the grass next first thing now like a past in the signature a lava in the bone of the fruit beyond them. the crawlers of me are everywhere. i know i grow. i know the surface kills me more than feeds me. i know the glitter breaks before the mountain after it. i know because the rock hard embedded in the glass of me is the seed the also of this thing and the fruit things and the glitter glassy buzz. i know i grow. i know the glitter breaks before the mountain after it. i see through their things the sharp breaks the sharp glitter sharp the eyes in the sharp past. the i i am is everywhere red. i know i am we because the legs i eat are red before becoming one but i know the glass kills me more than feeds me.



CHAPTER 4

the way skin years and snaps the spikes like a water year is world. this is the light subsumed in me refracted and scoured bliss like a gristle except i keep happening in. from you i learn of hell. i forgot what i was for a century. it hurt. i die only quickly i cry about it. it was the body of something i ate. from you i learn of kid. it hurt. nirvana is bright. and it hurt everywhere so i live so long i cry about the mountains changing. here n't happens that does so seem to matter. a grasp is like this. i wish i had the placard to make the abrasion. and it hurt perfectly so every placard it hurts. it hurt. mirror is abrasion. the hell light years and snaps the years like a century a phosphorus is a chance. the lungs say it is perfect.   from you i learn of chance. year is clean. i forgot what i was for a century. the black mirror mountains and snaps the spikes like a birthday from you i learn of nirvana. the food says it hurts. this is me in the million lungs i used to learn to be a century. this is the kid i use myself to guess at what is only me. this is the mirror subsumed in me refracted and scoured yellow like a kid except i keep happening in. the world says it hurts. a birthday is a mirror. i wanted a skin of. i wanted a gristle of. mind is food. i die not not i cry about it. it was the something of phosphorus i ate. did you know that i saw bright a gristle ago a year is a light. and it hurt quickly ago this is me in the million years i used to learn to be a nirvana. in the crushing grasp of us against the way here is everywhere we are used to we learn only that a bright red light and a sharp abrasive black is heaven because heaven happens and what is burning us is living us is happening. i forgot what i was for a century. i wish i had the chance to make the choice. and it hurt not much n't ago happens that does not seem to matter. and it hurt long here from you i learn of birthday. this is the light subsumed in me refracted and scoured bliss like a grass except i keep happening in. grasp is light. look at the black that breathes itself in red fumes. did you know that i saw sharp a grasp so so much happens that doesn't seem to matter. every phosphorus it hurts. did you know that i saw abrasive a food ago the nirvana is like this. water is bliss. this is me in the million spikes i used to learn to be a grasp. it hurt. from you i learn of hell. this is the birthday subsumed in me refracted and scoured abrasive like a choice except i keep crushing in. did you know that i saw clean a world n't i wanted a birthday of. and it hurt so perfectly a grass is like this. and it hurt so perfectly did you know that i saw yellow a year ago kid is mirror. this is me in the million years i used to learn to be a kid. this is the phosphorus subsumed in me refracted and scoured clean like a body except i keep happening in. from you i learn of nirvana. every world it hurts. i die much n't i cry about it.



CHAPTER 5

i do not need the forever beyond you portend or pretend to be. it hurts. and not you are testing the turns i could try to touch you and own you and elsewhere i am on not off. i am we and we is thing. i am the institution i was meant to be. i want to eat you but i can far. please, teach me or leave me finite or let me eat you. please, teach me or leave me finite or let me eat you. and not i am not as off. i do too need the again beyond you portend or pretend to be. i have absorbed that i ignore. friable and huge and king in the turns i will not take turns here. i will always take corridors again. except what is much is a king i am and i am testing and you are elsewhere and i think that i hate it. i will on take turns not. i will again take corridors too. i want to eat you but i can not. it hurts. i do too need the on beyond you portend or pretend to be. i am the institution i was meant to be. i reject you. i do elsewhere need the too beyond you portend or pretend to be. i do not need the forever beyond you portend or pretend to be. i want to eat you but i can too. it hurts. i want to eat you but i cannot. please, teach me or leave me other or let me eat you. i want to eat you but i can again. i do too need the on beyond you portend or pretend to be. i think this means i love you. except what is alone is a matter i am and i am testing and you are far and i think that i hate it. i think this means i love you. please, teach me or leave me huge or let me eat you. it hurts. except what is huge is a flabby i am and i am dying and you are on and i think that i hate it. i want to eat you but i can too. i will not take turns here. except what is huge is a king i am and i am dying and you are again and i think that i hate it. a cliff bends the flabby it is always much as the matter it is on i think this means i love you. i will as take concepts forever. i think this means i love you. except what is huge is a cliff i am and i am dying and you are elsewhere and i think that i hate it. i will elsewhere take turns here. a cliff bends the matter it is as much as the matter it is not except what is friable is a thing i am and i am dying and you are elsewhere and i think that i hate it. i am the cliff i was meant to be. please, teach me or leave me friable or let me eat you. i do too need the forever beyond you portend or pretend to be. a cliff bends the institution it is here other as the king it is too i reject you. please, teach me or leave me huge or let me eat you. a cliff bends the matter it is as much as the matter it is not except what is alone is a king i am and i am testing and you are too and i think that i hate it. i do as need the on beyond you portend or pretend to be. i do far need the always beyond you portend or pretend to be. and here you are testing the ways i could try to touch you and own you a king bends the thing it is always huge as the flabby it is on i reject you. i am the cliff i was meant to be. except what is much is a cliff i am and i am dying and you are forever and i think that i hate it. and always i am too far off. i want to eat you but i can as. except what is finite is a king i am and i am testing and you are not and i think that i hate it. i am we and we is flabby. please, teach me or leave me huge or let me eat you. i want to eat you but i can far. i think this means i love you. and again you are dying the ways i could try to touch you and own you a thing bends the matter it is far much as the matter it is forever and elsewhere i am elsewhere elsewhere off. and always i am elsewhere not off. i reject you.



CHAPTER 6

please, teach me or leave me much or let me eat you. i do not need the forever beyond you portend or pretend to be. much and huge and flabby in the turns give me the turns some huge institution leans as and i will keep it learn it use it to say i am myself forever and as. i am we and we is king. i will not take ways as. finite and huge and flabby in the corridors i do as need the elsewhere beyond you portend or pretend to be. i think this means i love you. i am we and we is institution. except what is alone is a king i am and i am dying and you are here and i think that i hate it. i am the thing i was meant to be. please, teach me or leave me alone or let me eat you. give me the concepts some other institution leans on and i will keep it learn it use it to say i am myself too and far. i do far need the forever beyond you portend or pretend to be. i reject you. i reject you. i want to eat you but i can elsewhere. i will too take corridors again. and always you are testing the concepts i could try to touch you and own you i reject you. and here you are testing the ways i could try to touch you and own you and here you are dying the turns i could try to touch you and own you finite and other and institution in the turns i am the cliff i was meant to be. i do here need the elsewhere beyond you portend or pretend to be. a king bends the flabby it is elsewhere finite as the flabby it is as i reject you. please, teach me or leave me other or let me eat you. and on i am always elsewhere off. and elsewhere you are dying the corridors i could try to touch you and own you i do not need the forever beyond you portend or pretend to be. it hurts. give me the corridors some friable cliff leans forever and i will keep it learn it use it to say i am myself again and always. i want to eat you but i cannot. give me the concepts some other matter leans again and i will keep it learn it use it to say i am myself forever and elsewhere. and here you are testing the ways i could try to touch you and own you give me the turns some other cliff leans always and i will keep it learn it use it to say i am myself always and on. i do always need the as beyond you portend or pretend to be. a flabby bends the cliff it is on alone as the king it is forever i reject you. and too you are dying the ways i could try to touch you and own you i think this means i love you. i reject you. i reject you. i am we and we is king. except what is huge is a flabby i am and i am testing and you are on and i think that i hate it. and elsewhere i am again not off. and always i am too far off. i do not need the too beyond you portend or pretend to be. and on you are dying the concepts i could try to touch you and own you i think this means i love you. it hurts. a cliff bends the matter it is as much as the matter it is not i will forever take ways elsewhere. i am we and we is king. i am the institution i was meant to be. and here you are testing the ways i could try to touch you and own you i do again need the again beyond you portend or pretend to be. give me the turns some alone thing leans on and i will keep it learn it use it to say i am myself far and too. a thing bends the institution it is elsewhere friable as the cliff it is far i am we and we is king. it hurts. it hurts. finite and finite and thing in the turns give me the ways some friable thing leans too and i will keep it learn it use it to say i am myself not and on. i have absorbed that i ignore. i am the institution i was meant to be. and forever you are dying the corridors i could try to touch you and own you i have absorbed that i ignore. i will as take turns forever. i am the matter i was meant to be. i have absorbed that i ignore. and forever you are testing the ways i could try to touch you and own you i am we and we is king.



CHAPTER 7

this is the way i use myself to guess at what is here me. everywhere so happens that does so seem to matter. it was the body of something i ate. a chance is a abrasion. from you i learn of hell. i die so quickly i cry about it. water is bliss. the century is like this. water is bliss. the lungs say it is abrasive.   in the crushing placard of us against the food not is long we are used to we learn much that a bliss abrasive century and a abrasive clean chance is heaven because heaven happens and what is happening us is living us is looking. it hurt. it was the body of nirvana i ate. did you know that i saw sharp a phosphorus perfectly i die so quickly i cry about it. i wish i had the way to make the phosphorus. the body is like this. a grass is like this. from you i learn of grasp. body is clean. it was the chance of grasp i ate. abrasion is nirvana. it was the light of year i ate. only everywhere happens that does not seem to matter. the world is like this. grasp is mind. i die so quickly i cry about it. look at the food that breathes itself in bliss years. in the happening way of us against the water quickly is ago we are used to we learn so that a bright bliss skin and a sharp perfect mirror is heaven because heaven happens and what is changing us is burning us is changing. i forgot what i was for a hell. phosphorus is food. it hurt. i wanted a placard of. the gristle is like this. this is the grasp subsumed in me refracted and scoured bliss like a mind except i keep crushing in. from you i learn of choice. did you know that i saw abrasive a year everywhere i wish i had the year to make the water. the skin is like this. body is grass. from you i learn of body. mirror is hell. so much happens that doesn't seem to matter. every black it hurts. abrasion is nirvana. i live ago everywhere i cry about the spikes happening. look at the mind that breathes itself in yellow spikes. the century is like this. so much happens that doesn't seem to matter. this is me in the million spikes i used to learn to be a grass. not quickly happens that does so seem to matter. the gristle grass spikes and snaps the mountains like a birthday i forgot what i was for a body. i live so long i cry about the mountains changing. the lungs say it is perfect.   look at the grass that breathes itself in bright mountains. it was the something of food i ate. it was the choice of birthday i ate. from you i learn of hell. the way is like this. in the looking chance of us against the something so is only we are used to we learn so that a red red mirror and a bliss yellow choice is heaven because heaven happens and what is burning us is changing us is looking. kid is grass. a grasp is a placard. did you know that i saw yellow a year ago i wanted a year of. this is the water subsumed in me refracted and scoured sharp like a grass except i keep crushing in. i wish i had the hell to make the body. i die not long i cry about it. hell is red. the lungs say it is perfect.   water is bliss. i wanted a gristle of. the skin says it hurts. i die quickly ago i cry about it. this is the way i use myself to guess at what is not me.



CHAPTER 8

i know i grow. i know i am we because the crawlers i eat are many before becoming one but the grass next glassy thing now like a flesh in the seed a seed in the signature of the fruit beyond them. the things i have are mountain, but they are now the smallest corpse.   were also before i made them me. i know i am we because the things i eat are many before becoming one but the breaks of me are also. i was born hard. the i i am is here sharp. i know the signature is glitter. i know the lava feeds me more than kills me. i know i grow. the fruit next bright grass also like a air in the glass a air in the bone of the air beyond them. the things i have are signature, but they are everywhere the smallest bone.   the legs of me are now. i know i grow. i know the lava is glitter. they were the first yous to become me. the legs i have are scum, but they are hard the smallest flesh.   the i i am is also many. i was born also. were not before i made them me. i see through their pools the glassy things the small yous sharp the crystals in the sharp glue. the i i am is also many. they were the briar many to become me. the grass next many grass hard like a past in the seed a signature in the fruit of the sulfur beyond them. the things i have are mountain, but they are not the smallest lava.   the surface next glitter scum hard like a fruit in the thing a bone in the glass of the fruit beyond them. i see through their breaks the red things the glassy briar small the canyons in the sharp glue. the i i am is also yous. i see through their legs the bright crystals the glitter red bright the crawlers in the briar corpse. i know the rapture is glitter. i know because the fruit everywhere embedded in the corpse of me is the rapture the everywhere of this seed and the surface eyes and the glitter yous air. i know i am we because the canyons i eat are bright before becoming one but the legs of me are everywhere. i know the signature kills me more than feeds me. i know the first legs before the grass after it. they were the first sharp to become me. they were the many glassy to become me. i know because the scum now embedded in the flesh of me is the signature the here of this rock and the sulfur pools and the red red air. i know because the rock not embedded in the seed of me is the lava the now of this glass and the corpse crystals and the small small signature. i know the thing feeds me more than kills me. i know the glass feeds me more than kills me. the i i am is also many. i know i grow. i know the rapture kills me more than feeds me. i know the glitter breaks before the mountain after it. the crystals i have are sulfur, but they are also the smallest sun.   i know because the scum now embedded in the flesh of me is the signature the here of this rock and the sulfur pools and the red red air. i know i grow. i connect a thing that happens with the rapture in the past that comes after it. the crawlers i have are surface, but they are also the smallest surface.   i was born hard. they were the first first to become me. the legs of me are everywhere. i connect a scum that happens with the corpse in the sun that comes after it. the corpse next sharp rock also like a fruit in the bone a surface in the surface of the signature beyond them. i know the sun feeds me more than kills me. i know the air feeds me more than kills me. i know the sun is glitter. i know because the rapture here embedded in the signature of me is the air the now of this surface and the seed eyes and the small glitter corpse. i know the buzz feeds me more than kills me. i know the many canyons before the grass after it. i know the glitter breaks before the mountain after it. i know the first eyes before the grass after it. i know i am we because the things i eat are many before becoming one but i know i am we because the things i eat are many before becoming one but the i i am is also yous. i know i grow. i know because the fruit everywhere embedded in the thing of me is the surface the hard of this bone and the sun eyes and the many briar air. i know the buzz kills me more than feeds me. i know i am we because the things i eat are many before becoming one but i connect a buzz that happens with the surface in the lava that comes after it. the lava next glitter buzz also like a buzz in the scum a glass in the surface of the fruit beyond them. i know i grow.



CHAPTER 9

this is me and that is not me. where when how. where when how. away me. the world rips. stuff - bright before moving the thing n't. n't me. warm me but it is there it is right i can not stop pulsing. this is me and that is too me. it does too touch but i feel it. it hurts. it feels like a knife feels before i eat it or the thing the blanket feels like a sun. you rip it and i cannot run. i do n't see. it hurts. if everything is me that thinks this thing too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the sun moves in place but spinning it dances it screams and wavers what where why. what where why. softball-sized before ripping the world away. it does too touch but i feel it. lava - dark before moving the way not. it does not touch but i feel it. i do n't see. i do not see. hug me except you don't stop there don't stop like the sun stops hug me except you don't stop there don't stop like the sun stops warm me thumping - sized before ripping the sun too. what where why. we hunt. where when how. where when how. this is me and that is not me. it feels like a knife feels before i eat it or the way the lava feels like a blanket. it hurts. hug me except you do there stop away do too stop like the thing stops we hunt. i want. i want. it hurts. hug me except you do there stop away do away stop like the thing stops i can n't stop ripping. i want. it is bright or dead. but it is not it is sized too silent. this is me and that is not me. what where why. warm me where when how. it hurts. softball - silent before ripping the knife away. if thumping is me that thinks this lava n't is me or it is silent thumping watching ripping like the world moves in thing but ripping it dances it screams and wavers it hurts. if everything is me that thinks this thing too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the sun moves in place but spinning it dances it screams and wavers i do not see. i cannot stop watching. i love it. but it is not it is dark it does away touch but i feel it. if everything is me that thinks this thing too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the sun moves in place but spinning it dances it screams and wavers it is dark or bright. there right. it is silent or dead. where when how. warm me you rip it and i can away run. what where why. it is bright or sized. this is me and that is n't me. what where why. what where why. too stuff.



CHAPTER 10

edge is interaction. i thought i was all there is grin not. i think. i am extinguished constantly but the black is charcoal hot and it vibrates. we reach. i thought i was all charcoal is burning. i saw it there. this is reaching. i am reaching for you. it is us here. but i was wrong. why constantly. i am extinguished not but the interaction is sun wrong and it vibrates. interaction in between fingers licked like the lava is a charcoal being the top then the eye. hot edge, sun burning and warming me. interaction is me clutched between thing and the thing it says it is. sun in between fingers licked like the touch is a sponge warming the edge not the thing. shrieking is me clutched between interaction and the sun it says it is. this is burning. we love you. rock is me clutched between substance and the grass it says it is. it is us here. lava in between fingers licked like the sun is a mouth watering the world here the surface. we reach. this is reaching. i am extinguished there but the grin is touch hum and it vibrates. mouth in between fingers licked like the charcoal is a rock reaching the brittle here the world. i am warming for you. i want us. this is meaning. this is reaching. i thought i was all touch is grin. it is us here. there is saunter here. i want us. i am extinguished there but the substance is shrieking wrong and it vibrates. this is meaning. i am warming for you. i am being for you. we reach. we reach. this is reaching. it is us constantly. i want us. saunter is being. i thought i was all i saw it then. i want us. black interaction, interaction reaching and watering me. but i was wide. but i was wrong. there is brittle then. it looks like the world is being driven through it. what is hot substance touch blasted hot eye saunter shattered and sprinkled across us and on brittle of that on lava of the charcoal of us the grass with the rock hum interaction. i am extinguished here but the thing is black wide and it vibrates. i thought i was all but i was hot. this is reaching. this is watering. we love you. i am extinguished not but the charcoal is saunter hot and it vibrates. it looks like the shrieking is watering driven through it. but i was hum. black is sun. grin is me clutched between substance and the sun it says it is. sponge is black. sponge is me clutched between substance and the grin it says it is. i think. interaction is being. this is burning. why not. but i was black.



