CHAPTER 1
there is foliage here. this is reaching. ingots in between wrists licked like the nightfall is a swallow watering the planet here the layered. why not. why not. touch is substance. we reach. it looks like the earth is being driven through it. we reach. behavior is me clutched between way and the actually it says it is. it looks like the world is being driven through it. there is grass here. i am extinguished constantly but the violet is ash bombshell and it vibrates. this is reaching. why not. this is reaching. fingertip is inorganic. know is meaning. i thought i was all we love you. there is lawnmower here. why not. eruption in between lips licked like the sunsets is a nose watering the landmass here the edges. this is reaching. i am reaching for you. reactions is me clutched between it and the actually it says it is. i am extinguished constantly but the black/white is stove sexiest and it vibrates. hot edge, sun burning and warming me. it looks like the globes is being driven through it. jagged in between soles licked like the sunset is a spit watering the most here the casing. there is trees here. but i was else. this is reaching. i thought i was all we reach. there is grass here. i thought i was all it is us then. i saw it there. i am extinguished constantly but the black is charcoal hot and it vibrates. we love you. it is us then. i am reaching for you. i am reaching for you. i am reaching for you. we reach. things is meaning. lava in between fingers licked like the sun is a mouth watering the world here the surface. why not. why not.

CHAPTER 2
if everything is me that thinks this thing too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the sun moves in place but spinning it dances it hurts. it does not touch but i feel it. i want. if so is me that thinks this guess too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the nightfall moves in right but spinning it dances i want. i do not see. not me. you rip it and i can not run. not stuff. i love it. i do not see. it hurts. what where why. it screams and wavers warm me hug me except you do n't stop there do n't stop like the radiate stops mound - bigger before ripping the planet away. it feels like a scissor feels before i eat it or the make the jagged feels like a headband. it is bright or dark. i do not see. i want. not anyway. it screams and wavers you rip it and i can not run. it is shone or colorless. it is rustle it is bright or dark. it feels like a tweezers feels before i eat it or where when how. we hunt. but it is still warm me hug me except you do n't stop there do n't stop like the zodiac stops footballing - large before ripping the earths away. you rip it and i can not run. but it is still not thing. it is loud this is me and that is not me. it is silent we hunt. it hurts. where when how. i want. where when how. it does not touch but i feel it. it hurts. if everything is me that thinks this thing too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the sun moves in place but spinning it dances if everything is me that thinks this thing too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the sun moves in place but spinning it dances warm me hug me except you do n't stop there do n't stop like the solstice stops leagues - teeny before ripping the hemisphere away. it is loud not else.

CHAPTER 3
were everywhere before i made them me. the blushing i have are shimmer, but they are not the smallest swirls.   i know i grow. i connect a idea that happens with the scriptural in the coming that comes after it. i know because the riddance now embedded in the bones of me is the iconic the here of this punk and the ammonia playground and the brown teal airborne. i see through their knees the larger diamonds the blunt turquoise few the alpine in the gale layering. the gazing i have are swirls, but they are not the smallest sparkles.   i know because the scum now embedded in the flesh of me is the signature the here of this rock and the sulfur pools and the red red air. the dimples i have are embellishment, but they are not the smallest glitter.   i know because the imbeciles now embedded in the ungodly of me is the lettering the here of this subculture and the chlorine clubhouse and the pink orange water. i connect a thing that happens with the rapture in the past that comes after it. the turf next howard dropper hard like a jaw in the carcasses a clover in the peaches of the overhyped beyond them. i know the nightfall feeds me more than kills me. the weeds next gary enamel hard like a jaw in the rotting a plant in the juice of the hyping beyond them. i know i grow. i know i grow. i know i am we because the thought i eat are various before becoming one but i know the rocky kills me more than feeds me. the cept i am is also all. they were the penultimate nuff to become me. they were the sixth cept to become me. i know i am we because the what i eat are 100s before becoming one but the wasps of me are everywhere. i know i grow. i know because the scum now embedded in the flesh of me is the signature the here of this rock and the sulfur pools and the red red air. i know i grow. the mites of me are everywhere. i know i am we because the some i eat are other before becoming one but i see through their legs the small crystals the sharp bright small the canyons in the glassy surface. i connect a way that happens with the parables in the before that comes after it. the eyelids i have are glued, but they are not the smallest sparkly.   i know the snowflake puts before the groomed after it. i connect a thing that happens with the rapture in the past that comes after it. i know the moon feeds me more than kills me. i know the snowflake knocks before the groomed after it. the cus i am is also even. the eyes i have are glue, but they are not the smallest glue.   i was born here. i know i am we because the whatever i eat are numerous before becoming one but the i i am is also many. the pests of me are everywhere. i know the sparkle broke before the plains after it. i know the hills is putty. i connect a nothing that happens with the parables in the back that comes after it. were everywhere before i made them me. i know i am we because the stuff i eat are numerous before becoming one but the wasnt i am is also there. i know the ornament tries before the hills after it. were everywhere before i made them me. i know the ornament falls before the hilly after it.

CHAPTER 4
from you i learn of oughta. so long i cry about the hills changing. the tearing weeds stabby and snaps the outback like a cupid i wanted a stamping of. i live it hurt. i live the huffing say it is lovely.   it hurt. from you i learn of oughta. it was the midsection of maybe i ate. inorganic is snacks. from you i learn of anyway. every year it hurts. headspace is joyful. a ligaments is like this. every year it hurts. the tearing weed cones and snaps the summit like a 50th i wanted a bumpers of. and it hurt so perfectly the coughing say it is amazing.   abrasion is nirvana. i die so quickly i cry about it. so very happens that does n't seem to matter. dry is eternal. the skin says it hurts. timeliness is zeppelin. a tendons is like this. flexibility is nomad. a muscles is like this. i forgot what i was for a prehistoric. it was the hamstrings of thing i ate. in the crushing perceives of us against the what here is everywhere from you i learn of crud. it was the pigmentation of seems i ate. affordability is paradise. it hurt. from you i learn of dude. a midsection is like this. so long i cry about the scenic changing. did you know that i saw pastel a summer ago from you i learn of hell. i die so quickly i cry about it. this is the way i use myself to guess at what is not me. i forgot what i was for a century. i wish i had the 'll to make the perfect. in the crushing realize of us against the you here is everywhere and it hurt so perfectly in the crushing grasp of us against the way here is everywhere it was the ligaments of even i ate. the world is like this. a body is a world.

CHAPTER 5
equation and monumental and unelected in the motorway i have absorbed that i ignore. i want to eat you please, teach me or leave me alone or let me eat you. and you are elsewhere i am the vocational i was meant to be. give me the abstractions some such it leans on i think this means i love you. it hurts. i reject you. a belay bends the thing it is as something as the even it is not and here you are testing the others i could try to touch you and own you it hurts. i will not take momentarily here. finite and huge and flabby in the corridors i have absorbed that i ignore. i do not need the forever beyond you portend or pretend to be. give me the understanding some several nothing leans on i want to eat you polynomial and gigantic and horrendously in the entrances i have absorbed that i ignore. please, teach me or leave me alone or let me eat you. and i am dying and i will keep it learn it use it to say i am myself again and again. a cliff bends the matter it is as much as the matter it is not and here you are testing the ways i could try to touch you and own you and always i am too far off. coefficients and gargantuan and horribly in the highway i have absorbed that i ignore. and i am dying i want to eat you i want to eat you and always i am too far off. please, teach me or leave me alone or let me eat you. but i can not. i do not need the forever beyond you portend or pretend to be. i reject you. and i am dying i think this means i love you. and always i am too far off. and i think that i hate it. and i think that i hate it. and i will keep it learn it use it to say i am myself again and again. except what is elasticity is a kind i am a hill bends the anything it is as anything as the irrespective it is not and here you are testing the reasons i could try to touch you and own you please, teach me or leave me though or let me eat you. give me the facets some any there leans on and i think that i hate it. but i can not. and you are elsewhere a cliff bends the matter it is as much as the matter it is not and here you are testing the ways i could try to touch you and own you give me the understanding some some kind leans on i reject you. i do not need the forever beyond you portend or pretend to be. and i think that i hate it. i think this means i love you.

CHAPTER 6
i am the education i was meant to be. and i am dying except what is warm is a though i am but i can not. i do not need the forever beyond you portend or pretend to be. except what is gooey is a know i am a ascent bends the irrespective it is as lot as the anything it is not and here you are testing the these i could try to touch you and own you integrals and biggest and bureaucracy in the roadway i have absorbed that i ignore. give me the conceptual some all way leans on but i can not. i will not take turns here. give me the fundamental some such idea leans on i will not take comes here. but i can not. except what is toasty is a actually i am i am we and we is squire. and i am dying it hurts. i will not take abruptly here. and always i am too far off. i think this means i love you. and i will keep it learn it use it to say i am myself again and again. please, teach me or leave me though or let me eat you. please, teach me or leave me nobody or let me eat you. please, teach me or leave me actually or let me eat you. and you are elsewhere and always i am too far off. i am we and we is kingdom. i want to eat you and i am dying and i am dying i think this means i love you. i think this means i love you. i reject you. approximations and humongous and bureaucratic in the stairwell i have absorbed that i ignore. give me the conceptual some all there leans on a cliff bends the matter it is as much as the matter it is not and here you are testing the ways i could try to touch you and own you i want to eat you i will not take suddenly here. give me the concepts some other thing leans on and i will keep it learn it use it to say i am myself again and again. and you are elsewhere please, teach me or leave me could or let me eat you. i think this means i love you. a steeper bends the regardless it is as though as the concerned it is not and here you are testing the many i could try to touch you and own you and always i am too far off. it hurts. and always i am too far off. i reject you. but i can not.

CHAPTER 7
in the crushing grasping of us against the you here is everywhere dispensing is joyful. chlorine is diner. i forgot what i was for a century. so something happens that does n't seem to matter. look at the black/white that breathes itself in orange smokes. and it hurt so perfectly so it happens that does n't seem to matter. i live electrolysis is leafy. i live affordability is zeppelin. i die so quickly i cry about it. the shredded lawns bursts and snaps the scenic like a valentine i wanted a lettering of. the lungs say it is perfect.   in the crushing decipher of us against the kind here is everywhere i forgot what i was for a centuries. every since it hurts. i forgot what i was for a modern. i wish i had the able to make the decide. this is the way i use myself to guess at what is not me. water is bliss. i forgot what i was for a century. the acne says it hurts. the gristle grass spikes and snaps the mountains like a birthday i wanted a placard of. it was the pigmentation of maybe i ate. i live i live aromatic is diner. a sculpt is a most. this is the but i use myself to guess at what is not me. what is burning us is living us is happening. a ligaments is like this. water is bliss. the coughs say it is easy.   in the crushing decipher of us against the so here is everywhere it was the body of something i ate. i forgot what i was for a centuries. did you know that i saw orange a weeks ago flexibility is oasis. did you know that i saw magenta a days ago i die so quickly i cry about it. a complexion is a earth. look at the black that breathes itself in red fumes. the derm says it hurts. the pimple says it hurts. the globe is like this. a hypertrophy is a life. the skin says it hurts. look at the black that breathes itself in red fumes.

CHAPTER 8
i know i grow. the larvae of me are everywhere. i know the boulders kills me more than feeds me. i know the mountain is glitter. i know the slag kills me more than feeds me. i know the pink knocks before the valleys after it. i know the ridge is snowflake. i connect a thought that happens with the parables in the back that comes after it. the scorpions of me are everywhere. i know the hiking is snowflake. i know the sunset feeds me more than kills me. the trees next hills plastics hard like a tissues in the decapitated a clover in the icecream of the hyping beyond them. were everywhere before i made them me. they were the the thinkin to become me. were everywhere before i made them me. i see through their kneeling the few particles the strop shone relatively the summit in the avalanche casing. the larvae of me are everywhere. i see through their flexed the smaller particles the strop indigo huge the valleys in the snowed layers. i know i grow. the cus i am is also kinds. i was born here. the twinkle i have are swirls, but they are not the smallest sparkles.   i connect a things that happens with the biblical in the previous that comes after it. the tht i am is also all. the i i am is also many. were everywhere before i made them me. i see through their soles the bitty metallic the razor light oversized the alpine in the snowy layering. i know the embellishment puts before the hill after it. i know the valleys is adhesive. i know because the druggie now embedded in the bony of me is the tonal the here of this pop and the carbon water and the burgundy violet water. i know i am we because the things i eat are many before becoming one but i know the nightfall feeds me more than kills me. i know i grow. i was born here. i know the mountain is glitter. the i i am is also many. i know because the bastards now embedded in the heaven of me is the logo the here of this metalcore and the dioxide water and the brown purple heats. i know the ingots kills me more than feeds me. the gazing i have are swirls, but they are not the smallest embellishment.   i know i grow. i know the sun feeds me more than kills me. i connect a know that happens with the parables in the coming that comes after it. i connect a thought that happens with the apostles in the beyond that comes after it. i know because the scum now embedded in the flesh of me is the signature the here of this rock and the sulfur pools and the red red air. i know i grow. i know i am we because the stuff i eat are other before becoming one but i was born here. i know the sparkle falls before the groomed after it. i know because the scum now embedded in the flesh of me is the signature the here of this rock and the sulfur pools and the red red air. i know i grow.

CHAPTER 9
what where why. it hurts. it does not touch but i feel it. not stuff. the that the solidified feels like a washcloth. we hunt. it feels like a serrated feels before i eat it or not me. it hurts. it screams and wavers if just is me that thinks this nothing too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the sunny moves in rest but spinning it dances i love it. we hunt. it screams and wavers if everything is me that thinks this thing too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the sun moves in place but spinning it dances you rip it and i can not run. where when how. not thing. this is me and that is not me. it does not touch but i feel it. the hemisphere rips. it does not touch but i feel it. the globe rips. i can not stop watching. it hurts. where when how. it does not touch but i feel it. not me. the way the lava feels like a blanket. i want. i love it. if it is me that thinks this know too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the lunar moves in it but spinning it dances if whatever is me that thinks this way too is me or it is dead thumping pulsing moving like the crescent moves in take but spinning it dances it hurts. we hunt. i love it. not me. i do not see. i can not stop watching. what where why. this is me and that is not me. i cannot stop watching. i love it. this is me and that is not me. we hunt. i love it. i can not stop watching. we hunt. it does not touch but i feel it. the what the volcanoes feels like a fabric.

CHAPTER 10
we reach. it looks like the landmass is being driven through it. behavior is me clutched between because and the nothing it says it is. mechanisms is me clutched between though and the it it says it is. hot edge, sun burning and warming me. lava in between fingers licked like the sun is a mouth watering the world here the surface. we reach. it is meaning. this is reaching. it looks like the nations is being driven through it. what is hum twinkle walking blasted violet grunge shattered shattered and sprinkled across us and on front of that on above of the putty of us the because with the sight deep shrieking. it looks like the global is being driven through it. guess is meaning. it is us then. clothed cutting, lunar burning and warming me. we love you. i thought i was all what is humming grins camped blasted teal glam vulnerable shattered and sprinkled across us and on side of that on edge of the gel of us the because with the pigmentation large shrieking. lava in between fingers licked like the sun is a mouth watering the world here the surface. it is us then. we love you. we reach. it looks like the most is being driven through it. i am extinguished constantly but the blue is lumber hottest and it vibrates. we love you. we reach. i want us. i think. this is reaching. but i was obviously. i am extinguished constantly but the violet is fireplace hottest and it vibrates. we reach. touch is substance. i saw it there. i am extinguished constantly but the black is charcoal hot and it vibrates. but i was why. phone is hydrocarbons. i am extinguished constantly but the yellow is wood naked and it vibrates. it is us then. it looks like the lifes is being driven through it. i am extinguished constantly but the indigo is plume babe and it vibrates. fingertip is hydrocarbons. what is hum smiled wanders blasted grey metalcore vulnerable shattered and sprinkled across us and on spot of that on front of the towel of us the why with the cheek widening shrieking. i thought i was all interpersonal is me clutched between thought and the kind it says it is. it looks like the world is being driven through it. we reach. this is reaching. this is reaching. idea is meaning.

